Anshul/cache features (#1)
AnshulBhl/azure-powershell: src/RedisCache/RedisCache/help/Remove-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection.md

﻿
---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.RedisCache.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.RedisCache
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.rediscache/remove-azredisprivateendpointconnection
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection

## SYNOPSIS

> Remove a Private Endpoint Connection from a Redis Cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove a private endpoint connection from Azure Cache for Redis.
```
We don't usually capitalize Private Endpoint Connection in the Azure docs when discussing it.

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-cache-for-redis/cache-private-link

## SYNTAX

### NormalParameterSet (Default)
```
Remove-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection [-ResourceGroupName <String>] -Name <String> -PrivateEndpointConnectionName <String> [-Force] [-PassThru]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> Remove a private endpoint connection from a Redis Cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove a private endpoint connection from Azure Cache for Redis.
```

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Remove a private endpoint connection and return the result
```
PS C:\>Remove-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection -Name "mycache" -PrivateEndpointConnectionName "MyPrivateEndpoint.abcd123e45" -Force -PassThru
True
```

> This command removes a private endpoint connection named **MyPrivateEndpoint.abcd123e45** from Redis Cache named **mycache** and displays whether the operation is successful. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet removes a private endpoint connection named *MyPrivateEndpoint.abcd123e45* from a cache named *mycache* and displays if the operation is successful. 
```

### Example 2: Remove a private endpoint connection and do not display the result
```
PS C:\>Remove-AzRedisPrivateEndpointConnection -Name "mycache" -PrivateEndpointConnectionName "MyPrivateEndpoint.abcd123e45" -Force
```

> This command removes a private endpoint connection named **MyPrivateEndpoint.abcd123e45** from Redis Cache named **mycache**. Since the *PassThru* parameter is not specified, the result of the operation is not displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet removes a private endpoint connection named *MyPrivateEndpoint.abcd123e45* from Azure Cache for Redis named *mycache*. Because the **PassThru** parameter is not specified, the result of the operation is not displayed.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force

> Forces the command to run without asking for user confirmation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forces the cmdlet to run without asking for user confirmation.
```

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Name of redis cache.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru

> Returns an object representing the item with which you are working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an object representing the item you are working with.
```
We are okay with a little less formal speech nowadays.

By default, this cmdlet does not generate any output.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Name of resource group in which cache exists.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PrivateEndpointConnectionName

> Name of Private Endpoint Connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Name of private endpoint connection.
```
